# Text alternative for images

Content
* [What](#what)
* [Why](#why)
* [How](#how)
  * [Design](#design)
  * [iOS](#ios)
  * [Android](#android)
  * [Web](#web)

## What

**Provide a text description for images. Make sure the description serves the same purpose as the image.**

(a bit more detail, to help understand what this is about. if needed)
All non-text content like images, charts, icons and infographics, must have an appropriate text equivalent. This ensures that information conveyed by non-text content is available to people who cannot see it, like screen reader users.

##### Requirements / What to do?
(i.e. A bit more detail about the requirement, in a tech-agnostic way.)

*   Images (like logos and icons) that communicate information have short text descriptions;
*   Editorial images that support the text around them have short descriptions;
*   Images (like infographics, charts and diagrams) that communicate complex information also have longer text descriptions within the same page;
*   Decorative images have empty text descriptions.

Short cross-tech overview (if relevant)

##### Link to relevant WCAG Success Criteria pages

[1.1.1 Non-text content (A)](https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/text-equiv-all.html)

## Why

* Reason
* Reason
* Reason

## How

### Design

What designers need to do / not do to avoid introducing a barrier in the project

##### Useful ressources about headings (if very useful)

*   [W3C Alt text decision tree](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/)

### iOS

Short iOS-specific intro to the requirement if needed.

iOS code example

```swift
// Giving a UIImageView a label
logoImageView.isAccessibilityElement = true
logoImageView.accessibilityLabel = "Company Name"

// Hiding a decorative UIImageView
decorativeImageView.isAccessibilityElement = false
```

##### Useful ressources about headings (if very useful)

* [UIAccessibility developer reference on apple.com](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/accessibility/uiaccessibility "developer.apple.com reference")

### Android

### Web

Short Web-specific intro to the requirement if needed.

#### Some instruction about headings

Short specific thing about headings, if needed

Web example of headings

```
Some code
```

##### Useful ressources about headings (if very useful)

#### Some instruction about table

#### Some instruction about form labels

### More about this guideline

#### Sources

* Link to GDS and BBC because of Open Gov License

#### Useful resources

